welcome back to the show we are here
with Ellen Pompeo are you ready to be
dazzled yes all right hey let's bring
him out welcome David Blaine
David
Pompeo all
right David we're excited you know we
don't usually get to do stuff like this
well I'm going to show you something
I've been working on okay great but um
it might require a ring could I use one
of your you use mine if you want my
wedding ring all right there you go it's
okay yeah absolutely I mean what is this
an it's like it's an AA ring it's one of
those rings that measures your uh sleep
and stuff like that I'll show you some
simple sight of hand so you see the ring
right and then I put it here grab my
wrist with your left hand and grab my
wrist with your right hand okay if I do
this see it jumps here mhm I'll do it
again I'll do it so you can see it so
look I put it here hold my
wrist see wow no but hold on I'll do it
this way oh fits me perfectly see come a
little closer look so here I can do it
this way if I go like
this seeing it comes
here oh but that's simple sight of hand
but watch if I go like this like if I go
and it's
gone it's gone huh no no that's just cuz
I was is it in your mouth no it's not my
mouth okay cuz it kind of seems like it
might be in your mouth uh-huh so it's I
didn't really get a look in there though
I have to get look yeah
all
right no it's actually not in my mouth
okay now it's not in your mouth now I
might be in your small intestine
yeah I'm going to bring the ring up into
my mouth okay I'm going to spit it
through the air okay and it's going to
land right back here my mouth is
empty yeah you've studied with do so
you'll know how to make sure yeah I mean
I'm not a real doctor just you know
studed what that was magic too I'm
really get
fake okay all right hand is empty uhhuh
mouth empty
[Music]
uh-huh oh that would have been good
though
right yeah yeah yeah um so I was
prepared for something this is an kind
of experimental so I brought something
um and it's it's very special uh could
you read it out loud it says I am
married but don't have a ring because
David Blaine ate it so so this is this
is for you oh wow oh what a great
substitute gift thank you
so um
and that's that's it remove the shirt
from The Hanger all right carefully
remove the
shirt this hanger uhhuh will be
used to find your ring oh okay oh my God
how I'll show you
okay all right I might need your help
why you looking at
me is that going in you
this will go inside okay all right oh
and find your ring I'm not wearing my
scrubs but let's do this
[Applause]
yeah are you going to make bubbles okay
what's happening no this will go inside
uhhuh and locate the ring this is why
you brought me here yeah you're going to
help okay I may need your help with this
and you might have to just help remove
it
all right you know what I actually needs
something to uh needs something to
lubricate my throat Lu Lube up yeah this
might help
okay all
right good no I might need a little more
I have something that is going to help
you oh this magic
water is that yeah this is Magic Water
he's Magic Water yeah yeah magic water
from Mexico yes yes oh yeah that's good
all right oh wow yeah that's legit
listen he's going to help cheers okay
cheers this will
help but after I do
it this is why they don't let David go
to the dry cleaner
anymore it might need something even
stronger than that stronger than tequila
yeah you know what it
might Maybe like
[Applause]
uh what is wrong with
you I owe you a glass that is that's
real Glass by the way that is not one of
those fake TV glasses yes it's real
glass that is real glass can you put
this on your left hand sure good put
yeah you're going to help with this you
remember you're supposed to get my ring
back right well she's going to help okay
all right I might need you to remove
this this will go inside okay
[Music]
okay
oh
god
[Applause]
oh that is defitely my you know I might
need some of the good stuff I'll just
sit here oh good to sanitizer yeah
that's a good idea yeah wow that is
crazy let me have a look at that that's
my ring wow and now it's on this I guess
I'll just wear it around in this
way make it hard to play pickle
ball that is nuts all right well see you
okay that's some kind of voodoo going on
here David Blaine everybody that's
a nice work pulling this out of his
throat Ellen Pompeo good American family
is win day on Hulu we'll be back with
David
[Music]
blaes G Mo do you know how many
subscribers we have on YouTube now uh 20
million that's right yeah that's why
we're wearing these glasses thanks for
being a subscriber if you're not help us
get to 20 million in one
[Music]